# Privacy Policy


**Last updated:** July 14th, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use our Service and explains your privacy rights and how the law protects you.


We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words with the initial letter capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Afkanerd Ltd, Bamenda.

- **Cookies** are small files placed on your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing your browsing history and other information.

- **Country** refers to Cameroon.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, cellphone, or digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Website.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service or to perform services related to the Service.

- **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any social network or website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (e.g., the duration of a page visit).

- **Website** refers to SMSwithoutborders, accessible from [https://smswithoutborders.com](https://smswithoutborders.com).

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which the individual is accessing or using the Service.




# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data


### Types of Data Collected


#### Personal Data

For the purposes of registering for this service and sending/receiving SMS, we require a phone number. While the ownership of the number is flexible, we will send an authentication message to confirm authority to use that number.

To provide information on local gateways for sending SMS, we require the country of the phone number, though we do not collect data on the country of the user.



#### Information from Third-Party Social Media Services

For using third-party platforms, the website will request access to these platforms. The website stores the access you grant but does not collect further profile information.

We store unique profile handles per platform to help you identify which account you're using. We do not use third-party identifiable information for tracking, identifying, or categorizing users.




### Security of Your Personal Data

We prioritize the security of your personal data. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.




## Opting Out and Data Deletion

You can opt out of our service at any time. This will trigger the immediate deletion of your personal data from our system. We will revoke all access you granted us to use the product. 

We only delete personal data stored in our database. Deleting data from third-party platforms (even if linked from our service) must be requested directly from those platforms. We provide instructions on how to do this for each third-party service.




## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.




## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practice s of any third party sites or services.




## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.




## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by visiting this page on our website
